 - There are many ways to connect an F5 but most usually they are not on the outside of the firewall, but rather connected too the core switch, and in your example here you would probably have 2 F5s, one on the core switch internally, and another on the chassis switch (layer 2 only) in the DMZ
- In some rare circumstances companies do choose to put F5s on the outside, but I don’t find that to be the standard
- That’s a good line of reasoning and is thinking like an engineer so I like it.  This is still non standard though for several reasons.  First is the firewalls already will have mechanisms for doing decryption, the various vendors take different approaches.  Placing the F5 outside the firewall makes deploying a virtual server in routed mode (without SNAT) no longer an option, because the F5 cannot be in the same subnet as the servers, as the NGFW will almost always been using routed interfaces and be the end of the broadcast domain.  Additionally lots of traffic comes into and out of the data center which does not required to be load balanced, so at least in the representation here you would have a lot of additional traffic going through the F5 that doesn’t need too wasting resources on the appliance.
- No generally the F5 still does that.  If these were Palo Alto firewalls doing decryption they would end up encrypting before forwarding the traffic to the F5
- Additionally from an administrative and cost perspective, it would be cheaper/easier to manage a since pair/cluster of NGFWs that two seperate groupings, one specifically for the DMZ and the second for our internal network. single*
- If it was Cisco Firepower they use the Anyconnect client for RAVPN installed on the users machine to inspect decrypted traffic, so decryption doesn’t even happen on firewall
- The reality is for the most part deep packet inspection is looking at payloads of users downloading potentially malicious files
- And the web servers aren’t typically downloading any files from the users, so inspecting that traffic is not usually a concern
- For protecting the kinds of threats a web server might be susceptible too we are more likely to use a Web Application Firewall, which the F5 does have with ASM/AFM when an enterprise chooses to take that option  (edited) 
- So in the context of protecting a data center the NGFWs role is more on permitting specific protocols to access specific servers, and sometimes to block traffic from entire geographic regions known to be causing issues
- It would be serving the role that we would call a “perimeter firewall”, which are often used in conjunction with WAFs which are deployed on a per application basis
- Often times the IPs are private RFC 1918 IPs that are used as the VIPs on the virtual servers.  The Firewall then handles a static NAT from a public IP to the private IP of the VIP.  The public IPs that are used are either owned by the company themselves (especially old companies or schools that were large at the dawn of the internet) or more frequently now days they are leased to you by the internet service provider and cost a fee.  From there is just BGP network statements that determine where these public IPs live and how the internet knows about them.  Most frequently this BGP is handled directly by the service providers now days, but sometimes you might be responsible for it on your own edge routers.